Hello and welcome back. In this lesson, I will show you an easy way to fix all your open claw
problems using AI using the Codex app. The Codex app is included with your ChatGPT subscription.
All you have to do is to download and use it. With a normal ChatGPT chat, you typically need
to copy error messages and code into the chat window and let it output the solution. Then you
would copy the solution out and paste it into your machine or manually edit your
local files based on the suggested solution. However, if you have the Codex
app installed, you tell it your problem and ask it to fix it directly. You then
give full access to your PC and it will directly access the files and do the fix.
Don't worry, it is quite safe. You can set the level of access and permission. It
It could ask you to approve certain actions before it proceeds.
Head over to its official website to read all about it.
Codex is OpenAI's coding agent and is included with ChatGPT Plus subscription.
It can write code, understand and explain complex code and explain it to you.
Check your code to identify problems and fix them.
And much more.
you can give it access to your PC, it can perform all those tasks effectively and efficiently,
saving you a lot of headache. Let's download it now. There is also a CLI command line interface
version, but the app version is easier to use as it has a graphical user interface like ChatGPT.
But before we install it, let us take a snapshot of our virtual machine where we had already
installed deep seek version 4 pro. Give it a suitable name. You could also take snapshots
from the oracle virtual box manager but the virtual machine needs to be shut down first.
Now we download the installer for the codex app. Go to the downloads folder and double click to begin
the installation. There is a notice saying: "Included with all chat gpt plans". Click continue with chat
GPT. I normally use my Google account to authenticate. Just login with the method
you normally use to login to chat GPT. Click on continue. This is optional. Just select the type
of work you do so that it will customize codex for you. You can skip this step if you like.
You could try GPT 5.5 but I find that you might hit the rate limit faster.
I prefer GPT 5.4 which might have higher quotas allowing you to go longer before hitting the rate
limits. Just click try button or close this dialog. You can change model later. Here is where you set
the model you want. Select GPT 5.4 with medium setting. Now I give it full access to my machine.
Next step is to pin it to the taskbar so that we can launch it easily again in future.
This is needed because it does not have a desktop shortcut.
Let's test the new taskbar icon. And it works. You can access the documentation and help here.
You can tile the windows by hovering your mouse over the maximize icon.
Then select the tile pattern you want. You can also collapse the sidebar menus.
Let's type in hello.
It wants us to set up the agent sandbox first.
So we click on the setup button. Confirm it.
Now send the hello message. And it replies.
So it is just like chat GPT.
Now we are going to ask it to create a folder on the desktop.
Then ask it to write a simple hello program in python and put it in that folder.
The program will ask for our name and then print a hello message with our name.
It asks for confirmation and I confirm it.
It completes the task and tells us how to run the program.
On the desktop, I notice the new folder called greeting app.
Let's enter the folder.
To run it, I right click and select open in terminal.
A PowerShell window opens.
I then type Python followed by the name of the program.
I enter my name and it prints, Hello Paul.
It works.
On the left sidebar menu, we can open new chats.
And there is also a list of previous chats.
There is so much more Codex can do.
This is only a quick taste of its power.
You can tell it where you install OpenClaw and ask it to configure new models for you.
If open claw is not working as expected, just describe your problem and ask it to fix it
for you.
That's all for this video.
Thanks for watching.